README.md, before:

# Net Tree

This package provides an algorithm for walking a set of items with a few IDs specified on them and returning them in order to enable the following functionalities:

- Streams items with a tree hierarchy where `level` gives the item level
- Expands an item with multiple superitems underneath the first or a given superitem
- Providers information about the expansion status (expanded / collapsed) and its source (explicit - hyper ID map, implicitly - first super ID)

See the [**online demo**](https://tomashubelbauer.github.io/net-tree/)

# Contributing

## Roadmap

- [ ] Allow an item to be explicitly collapsed by using `undefined` or `null` hyper ID
- [ ] Think about how to handle self-containing items reporting their status - want to be able to flash the first one in chain upon expanding a further one
  - This is important because expanding the repeated instance will actually collapse the first instance and we want to be able to select that afterwards
- [ ] Handle items having an order number within their superitem
  - Either do this by an `order` property or using a `priorId` property
  - In any case this will have to differ across super IDs for shared items (shared moved last in first super, first in second super)

[I've started this project on GitLab previously](https://gitlab.com/TomasHubelbauer/net-tree/),
but I am starting again in plain JavaScript and will provide it as an ES module for use in my other project:

[**Agendum**](https://agendum.today)

Commit message:

Plan setting up a pipeline for NPM publish

README.md, after:

# Net Tree

This package provides an algorithm for walking a set of items with a few IDs specified on them and returning them in order to enable the following functionalities:

- Streams items with a tree hierarchy where `level` gives the item level
- Expands an item with multiple superitems underneath the first or a given superitem
- Providers information about the expansion status (expanded / collapsed) and its source (explicit - hyper ID map, implicitly - first super ID)

See the [**online demo**](https://tomashubelbauer.github.io/net-tree/)

# Contributing

## Roadmap

- [ ] Allow an item to be explicitly collapsed by using `undefined` or `null` hyper ID
- [ ] Think about how to handle self-containing items reporting their status - want to be able to flash the first one in chain upon expanding a further one
  - This is important because expanding the repeated instance will actually collapse the first instance and we want to be able to select that afterwards
- [ ] Handle items having an order number within their superitem
  - Either do this by an `order` property or using a `priorId` property
  - In any case this will have to differ across super IDs for shared items (shared moved last in first super, first in second super)
- [ ] Set up a release pipeline when they are available through YAML: https://stackoverflow.com/a/52323336/2715716
  - Until then do it in a build pipeline

[I've started this project on GitLab previously](https://gitlab.com/TomasHubelbauer/net-tree/),
but I am starting again in plain JavaScript and will provide it as an ES module for use in my other project:

[**Agendum**](https://agendum.today)
